Moves private package page to Mix section, adds private page for Rebar3 (#776)
hexpm/hexpm: lib/hexpm_web/templates/docs/rebar3_private.html.md

## Private packages and organizations

Starting with rebar3 version 3.7.0, multiple Hex repositories (or indexes) can be used at the same time. Repositories are declared in an ordered list, from highest priority to lowest priority.

When looking for a package, repositories are going to be traversed in order. As soon as one of the packages fits the description, it is downloaded. The hashes for each found packages are kept in the project's lockfile, so that if the order of repositories changes and some of them end up containing conflicting packages definitions for the same name and version pairs, only the expected one will be downloaded.

This allows the same mechanism to be used for both mirrors, private repositories (as provided by hex.pm), and self-hosted indexes.

> ### Publishing or using a private package

Reviewer: I think this section only shows how to use a private package. What do I add to `app.src` to publish to a specific organization.

Reviewer 2: Nothing changes in `.app.src`. But you do have to supply `-r <repo>` to `rebar3 hex publish` to specify the org name

> ### Publishing or using a private package

Reviewer: It would also be good if we could add the equivalent to this section on how to authenticate on CI: https://hex.pm/docs/private#authenticating-on-ci-and-build-servers. What's the best way of doing this @tsloughter?

Reviewer 2: hehe, oops, that hasn't been added.

Reviewer 2: Or no, maybe I did... `rebar3 hex repo auth <org> -k <key>`

For publishing or using a private repository you must use the [rebar3_hex](https://github.com/tsloughter/rebar3_hex) plugin to authenticate, `rebar3 hex auth` after declaring the private organization (defined as `parent_repo:organization`, see the example is below) as a repository in the rebar3 config. Authenticating then creates a separate config file `~/.config/rebar3/hex.config` storing the keys.

> ```elixir

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```erlang
```

## Private packages and organizations

Starting with rebar3 version 3.7.0, multiple Hex repositories (or indexes) can be used at the same time. Repositories are declared in an ordered list, from highest priority to lowest priority.

When looking for a package, repositories are going to be traversed in order. As soon as one of the packages fits the description, it is downloaded. The hashes for each found packages are kept in the project's lockfile, so that if the order of repositories changes and some of them end up containing conflicting packages definitions for the same name and version pairs, only the expected one will be downloaded.

This allows the same mechanism to be used for both mirrors, private repositories (as provided by hex.pm), and self-hosted indexes.

### Publishing or using a private package

> For publishing or using a private repository you must use the [rebar3_hex](https://github.com/tsloughter/rebar3_hex) plugin to authenticate, `rebar3 hex auth`. This creates a separate config file `~/.config/rebar3/hex.config` storing the keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For publishing or using a private repository you must use the [rebar3_hex](https://github.com/tsloughter/rebar3_hex) plugin to authenticate, `rebar3 hex auth` after declaring the private organization (defined as `parent_repo:organization`, see the example is below) as a repository in the rebar3 config. Authenticating then creates a separate config file `~/.config/rebar3/hex.config` storing the keys.
```

   #{name => <<"my_hexpm">>,
     api_url => <<"https://localhost:8080/api">>,
     repo_url => <<"https://localhost:8080/repo">>,
     repo_public_key => <<"-----BEGIN PUBLIC KEY-----
     ...
     -----END PUBLIC KEY-----">>
   },
   %% A mirror looks like a standard repo definition, but uses the same
   %% public key as hex itself. Note that the API URL is not required
   %% if all you do is fetch information
   #{name => <<"jsDelivr">>,
     repo_url => <<"https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/hex">>,
     ...
    },
    %% If you are a paying hex.pm user with a private organisation, your
    %% private repository can be declared as:
    #{name => <<"hexpm:private_repo">>}
    %% and authenticate with the hex plugin, rebar3 hex auth
]}.

%% The default Hex config is always implicitly present.
%% You could however replace it wholesale by using a 'replace' value,
%% which in this case would redirect to a local index with no signature
%% validation being done. Any repository can be replaced.
{repos, replace, [
   #{name => <<"hexpm">>,
     api_url => <<"https://localhost:8080/api">>,
     repo_url => <<"https://localhost:8080/repo">>,
     ...
    }               
]}.

> ```

Reviewer 2: Replace the above with just:

```erlang
{repos, [
  #{name => <<"hexpm:private_org">>}
]}.
```

Reviewer 2: Yup, looks good.

  #{name => <<"hexpm:private_org">>}
]}.
```

To publish to a private repository, use `rebar3 hex publish -r hexpm:private_org`.

### Authenticating on CI and build servers

```nohighlight
$ rebar3 hex repo auth private_org -k <key>

> ```

Reviewer: Can we add how to generate the API key. In the mix guide we have:

```
You can generate organizations keys on your organization’s [dashboard](https://hex.pm/dashboard).
```
